README.md, before:

### Hi 👋

I'm a Software Engineer working with Javascript and Python.

### Blog

- [The Meaning of Life](https://betofigueiredo.com/blog/the-meaning-of-life)<br />
"He who has a why to live can bear almost any how." Friedrich Nietzsche — July 12, 2025<br />

- [Reflections on Reading](https://betofigueiredo.com/blog/reflections-on-reading)<br />
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one. — March 11, 2025<br />

- [Best Quality in a Software Developer](https://betofigueiredo.com/blog/best-quality-in-a-software-developer)<br />
If you were hiring a developer today, what would be the primary quality you'd look for in that person? — January 3, 2025<br />

- [Be Careful About Your Dependencies](https://betofigueiredo.com/blog/be-careful-about-your-dependencies)<br />
The tragedy of an old Node project and the trap of dependencies in JavaScript projects. — January 18, 2025<br />

- [The Biggest Problem with Scrum](https://betofigueiredo.com/blog/the-biggest-problem-with-scrum)<br />
You can do everything right and still feel like you’ve lost. — February 9, 2025<br />

### Side projects
- [Diff Tracer](https://github.com/betofigueiredo/diff_tracer) - Created with Python / FastAPI / MyPy.<br />
- [GO Integrator](https://github.com/betofigueiredo/go-integrator) - Created with Go / Fiber / Python / FastAPI.<br />
- [Drinquepedia.com](https://github.com/betofigueiredo/Drinquepedia) - Rewritten with React / Typescript / FastAPI / MyPy.<br />
- [Sudoku Board](https://github.com/betofigueiredo/sudoku) - Created with SvelteKit / Typescript / Tailwind.<br />

### Personal

I love sports (rock climbing / BJJ / surfing) and literature.

### Find me elsewhere

[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/_betofigueiredo/) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/betof/) / [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/betofigueiredo)

Commit message:

Revise side projects in README.md
Updated the side projects section with new descriptions and added a new project.

README.md, after:

### Hi 👋

I'm a Software Engineer working with Javascript and Python.

### Blog

- [The Meaning of Life](https://betofigueiredo.com/blog/the-meaning-of-life)<br />
"He who has a why to live can bear almost any how." Friedrich Nietzsche — July 12, 2025<br />

- [Reflections on Reading](https://betofigueiredo.com/blog/reflections-on-reading)<br />
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one. — March 11, 2025<br />

- [Best Quality in a Software Developer](https://betofigueiredo.com/blog/best-quality-in-a-software-developer)<br />
If you were hiring a developer today, what would be the primary quality you'd look for in that person? — January 3, 2025<br />

- [Be Careful About Your Dependencies](https://betofigueiredo.com/blog/be-careful-about-your-dependencies)<br />
The tragedy of an old Node project and the trap of dependencies in JavaScript projects. — January 18, 2025<br />

- [The Biggest Problem with Scrum](https://betofigueiredo.com/blog/the-biggest-problem-with-scrum)<br />
You can do everything right and still feel like you’ve lost. — February 9, 2025<br />

### Side project
- [Peek](https://github.com/betofigueiredo/peek) - A lightweight web tool for debugging HTTP requests.<br />
- [Diff Tracer](https://github.com/betofigueiredo/diff_tracer) - A FastAPI utility designed to compare two API responses.<br />
- [GO Integrator](https://github.com/betofigueiredo/go-integrator) - Example of integrating different applications for data exchange using Go and Python.<br />
- [Sudoku Board](https://github.com/betofigueiredo/sudoku) - Sudoku board created with SvelteKit.<br />
- [Drinquepedia.com](https://github.com/betofigueiredo/Drinquepedia) - Things go better with a cocktail!<br />

### Personal

I love sports (rock climbing / BJJ / surfing) and literature.

### Find me elsewhere

[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/_betofigueiredo/) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/betof/) / [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/betofigueiredo)
